feat(billing): Update documentation surrounding on-demand budgets (#4808)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/pricing.mdx

#### On-Demand Capacity

> On-demand capacity is billed at the end of each billing cycle. You are charged per processed event, rounded up to the nearest cent. You have the ability to set on-demand caps so you can stay on budget. Your on-demand capacity is detemined by your on-demand budget, which may be configured on either a shared, or per-category basis. See [On-demand budgets](#on-demand-cap) for more information.

Reviewer: detemined -> determined

> On-demand capacity is billed at the end of each billing cycle. You are charged per processed event, rounded up to the nearest cent. You have the ability to set on-demand caps so you can stay on budget. Your on-demand capacity is determined by your on-demand budget, which can be configured on either a shared, or per-category (errors, transactions, attachments) basis. Learn more in [On-Demand Budgets](#on-demand-cap).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On-demand capacity is billed at the end of each billing cycle. You are charged per processed event, rounded up to the nearest cent. You have the ability to set on-demand caps so you can stay on budget. Your on-demand capacity is determined by your on-demand budget, which can be configured on either a shared or per-category (errors, transactions, attachments) basis. Learn more in [On-Demand Budgets](#on-demand-cap).
```

### Billing Controls

#### On-Demand Budgets {#on-demand-cap}

You can set a maximum monthly on-demand invoice amount by setting an on-demand budget. Once you reach the maximum budget capacity, you will still be able to access Sentry and prior event data. However, any additional events you send will be rejected.

<Note>

> Per-category on-demand budgets are only available on plans with [performance monitoring](/product/performance/) features. Customers on legacy plans can only use the shared on-demand budget strategy. 

Reviewer 2: We should probably avoid the use of the word "legacy" just we don't open a discussion of "what does legacy" mean. 

```suggestion
Per-category on-demand budgets are only available on plans with [performance monitoring](/product/performance/) features. Customers on plans without performance monitoring can only use the shared on-demand budget strategy. 
```

</Note>

You will have two choices on setting your on-demand budget strategy:

**Shared:** The on-demand budget is shared among errors, transactions, and attachments.

> **Per-category:** Dedicated on-demand budget for errors, transactions, and attachments. Any overages in one category will not consume the budget of another category.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Per-category:** Separate on-demand budgets for errors, transactions, and attachments. Any overages in one category will not consume the budget of another category.
```
🤷

### Billing Controls

#### On-Demand Budgets {#on-demand-cap}

You can set a maximum monthly on-demand invoice amount by setting an on-demand budget. Once you reach the maximum budget capacity, you will still be able to access Sentry and prior event data. However, any additional events you send will be rejected.

<Note>

Per-category on-demand budgets are only available on plans with [performance monitoring](/product/performance/) features and if you're in the Early Adopter program.

> If you opted out of the Early Adopter program while on the per-category on-demand budget strategy, you will still retain this on-demand budget until you switch to the shared on-demand budget strategy.

Reviewer 2: This might be overkill, but probably best to just explain the whole process.

```suggestion
If you opt out of the Early Adopter program while on the per-category on-demand budget strategy, you'll retain the per-category budgets you've set and the ability to update them. However, if you switch to the shared on-demand budget strategy, you won't be able to switch back unless you opt in to the Early Adopter program again.
```

Customers on plans without performance monitoring can only use the shared on-demand budget strategy.

> </Note>

Author: @imatwawana There are changes to how the new on-demand budget feature will be rolled out. We aim to roll this out to customers on the performance plan, and are also on the early adopters program. 

In addition, if they are using the per-category on-demand budget strategy, they'll retain this configuration regardless if they are on the Early Adopters program or not.

I updated this note to reflect that. I'm unsure if the language here is sufficient.

Reviewer 2: When you say they'll retain the configuration, do we mean that they just retain the per-category budget they've already set up? Or could they make changes to their per-category budget? 

And if they switch to shared, I assume we mean that they can't go back to per-category?

Author: @imatwawana 

> When you say they'll retain the configuration, do we mean that they just retain the per-category budget they've already set up? Or could they make changes to their per-category budget?

They'll be able to do both.

So if they:

1. enabled early adopters feature in the past,
2. switched to per-category on-demand budget strategy, and
3. opted out of early adopters afterwards,

they remain on the per-category on-demand budget.

Customers on the performance plans may only be able to opt into per-category on-demand budget only if they're opted into the Early Adopter program. 

> And if they switch to shared, I assume we mean that they can't go back to per-category?

They'll be unable to switch back to per-category as long as they're opted out of Early Adopters.
